README.md, before:

# BlizzMove
Modified version of the BlizzMove AddOn. See [WowAce](https://www.wowace.com/projects/blizzmove) or [CurseForge](https://www.curseforge.com/wow/addons/blizzmove) for original author.

# Modified
This addon was modified by [Suraf](https://wow.gamepedia.com/User:Surafbrov) to add support for additional interfaces.

* [What's New](https://wow.gamepedia.com/What%27s_New)
* [Bags](https://wow.gamepedia.com/Bag)
* Extra Action Button
* [Books](https://wow.gamepedia.com/Book), the ones you can right-click to read its content or books laying around Azeroth
* Destiny (pandaren interface to choose faction)
* [Azerite interface](https://wow.gamepedia.com/Azerite_interface)
* Prepares support for the [Heart Forge](https://wow.gamepedia.com/Heart_Forge) and the [Heart of Azeroth](https://wow.gamepedia.com/Heart_of_Azeroth) interfaces
* [Warboards](https://wow.gamepedia.com/Warboard)
* The pre-8.0.1 [Guild interface](https://wow.gamepedia.com/Guild_list) (still available via `/guildroster`)
* [Obliterum Forge](https://wow.gamepedia.com/Obliterum_Forge)
* [Island Expedition](https://wow.gamepedia.com/Island_Expedition) queue interface
* [Scrappers](https://wow.gamepedia.com/Scrapper)
* [Flight Maps](https://wow.gamepedia.com/Flight_Map)
* [Heart of Azeroth](https://wow.gamepedia.com/Heart_of_Azeroth) and the [Heart Forge](https://wow.gamepedia.com/Heart_Forge) interface
* [Item upgrading](https://wow.gamepedia.com/Item_upgrading) (Benthic gear upgrade, etc.)
* [Allied races](https://wow.gamepedia.com/A_Choice_of_Allies) interfaces

Additionally, it fixed the [Artifact interface](https://wow.gamepedia.com/Artifact_interface) and the [Artifact forge](https://wow.gamepedia.com/Artifact_forge) interfaces which were not working in the original.

# Links
* [Wowpedia](https://wow.gamepedia.com/User:Surafbrov/BlizzMove)

Commit message:

Original source, check it out

README.md, after:

This version of the AddOn was merged with the original AddOn. Check out the [original source](https://github.com/zanony/BlizzMove) instead.

# BlizzMove
This is a modified version of the BlizzMove AddOn. See [WowAce](https://www.wowace.com/projects/blizzmove) or [CurseForge](https://www.curseforge.com/wow/addons/blizzmove) for original author.

# Modified
This addon was modified by [Suraf](https://wow.gamepedia.com/User:Surafbrov) to add support for additional interfaces.

* [What's New](https://wow.gamepedia.com/What%27s_New)
* [Bags](https://wow.gamepedia.com/Bag)
* Extra Action Button
* [Books](https://wow.gamepedia.com/Book), the ones you can right-click to read its content or books laying around Azeroth
* Destiny (pandaren interface to choose faction)
* [Azerite interface](https://wow.gamepedia.com/Azerite_interface)
* Prepares support for the [Heart Forge](https://wow.gamepedia.com/Heart_Forge) and the [Heart of Azeroth](https://wow.gamepedia.com/Heart_of_Azeroth) interfaces
* [Warboards](https://wow.gamepedia.com/Warboard)
* The pre-8.0.1 [Guild interface](https://wow.gamepedia.com/Guild_list) (still available via `/guildroster`)
* [Obliterum Forge](https://wow.gamepedia.com/Obliterum_Forge)
* [Island Expedition](https://wow.gamepedia.com/Island_Expedition) queue interface
* [Scrappers](https://wow.gamepedia.com/Scrapper)
* [Flight Maps](https://wow.gamepedia.com/Flight_Map)
* [Heart of Azeroth](https://wow.gamepedia.com/Heart_of_Azeroth) and the [Heart Forge](https://wow.gamepedia.com/Heart_Forge) interface
* [Item upgrading](https://wow.gamepedia.com/Item_upgrading) (Benthic gear upgrade, etc.)
* [Allied races](https://wow.gamepedia.com/A_Choice_of_Allies) interfaces

Additionally, it fixed the [Artifact interface](https://wow.gamepedia.com/Artifact_interface) and the [Artifact forge](https://wow.gamepedia.com/Artifact_forge) interfaces which were not working in the original.

# Links
* [Wowpedia](https://wow.gamepedia.com/User:Surafbrov/BlizzMove)
